**Working Title:** _"Ashes Over Delphi"_  
<br />
**Premise:** A text-based Choose Your Own Adventure game, with a focus on balancing the odds when it seems that fate is truly out to get you. A varied cast of characters liven up the world, alongside rather in-depth and detailed world building, laid out for the player to explore. Visual elements will be kept very simple and minimal, putting more effort and focus towards "behind the scenes" elements, keeping the game feeling interesting and unpredictable, adding replay value with the randomness of events. Some of these "behind the scenes" elements will have effects on elements of the gameplay, such as changing choices available, providing buffs to stats/skills, and unlocking certain special interactions and characters.  
<br />
**Pitch:** The setting is in a large city of a magical modern world. Angels, demons, faeries, mummies, vampires, and all manner of others fight to make their way through this concrete jungle of modern problems. The protagonist is a young girl with magical powers, a gifted seer, making her own way in the harsh streets of the rainy city. Her days are often spent hanging around a small diner, hiding from the wind and rain and the visions they bring, passing time watching the patrons come and go and occasionally seizing an opportunity to sell her talents for an extra buck or two. And her nights are spent scavenging for a meal and finding someplace safe and dry to lay her head. Many odd characters share this cold, dreary world and many bear obscure secrets and problems only she can seem to solve. But not all are what they seem and not all are what they say. Seeing through lies isn't always enough and sometimes even knowing the future, you can't save yourself from it. Will she survive this dreadful stage of her life and move on to a better time? Or will she become just another lonely ghost eternally walking these dismal streets? Only time will tell.
